Text to section on keep-alives vs. resumption (#41)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-applicability.md

## Session resumption versus Keep-alive {#resumption-v-keepalive}

QUIC provides PING frames in order to send keep-alives to prevent the
connection as well as middlebox state from timing out. Recommendations for the
use of keep-alives are application specific, mainly depending on the latency
requirements and message frequency of the application. It should be noted, as
QUIC uses UDP as an encapsulation, usually middlebox time-outs are short
and requires a high ping frequency (15 to 30 seconds) which therefore may
cause rather larger bandwidth overhead.

Given that QUIC provides 0-RTT resumption it can be beneficial to just let a

> connection time-out, or gracefully shut down after a known series messages,

Reviewer: s/time-out/time out/

> and simply re-connection for the next message exchange. Such an approach can

Reviewer: s/re-connection/reconnect/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and simply reconnect for the next message exchange. Such an approach can
```
